Feat(eos_designs): Add WAN interface configuration under `l3_edge.l3_interfaces` (#3440)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/tables/l3-edge.md

          # The peer device interface. Used for description and documentation
          peer_interface: <str>

>           # The peer device IP/Mask. Used as default route gateway is `set_default_route` is true and `ip` is an IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # The peer device's IP/Mask. Used as default route gateway if `set_default_route` is true and `ip` is an IP address.
```

Reviewer: Should this be ip/mask or just ip?

Author: given that it is IP/Mask for the `ip` key, it is weird to have it as IP only on the other side. Or maybe should I use mask in another place?

Author: [703afd1](https://github.com/aristanetworks/ansible-avd/pull/3440/commits/703afd1054dca9d5d00eb04a41b1059f4f810265)

Author: will remove mask
